- Last week, while driving
with her one-year-old son,
our first guest experienced
the most frightening event
of her life.
Thankfully, a hero appeared
on the busy highway
to save the day.
From Springfield, Minnesota,
please welcome Sara Sorby.
So you were driving Ben,
your one-year-old son,
to a doctor's appointment.
- Yes.
- Was he sick?
- He has some medical issues
we're trying to figure out,
so he has doctor appointments
just about every other week.
- Wow, okay.
So that's stressful enough.
So you're driving him,
and what happens?
- I was driving, and
my accelerator pedal in my car
kind of started skipping.
So I called my dad, and I said,
"What should I do?
My car's not working."
And he said,
"You need to pull over."
So I was in the left lane.
I needed to get all the way
to the right lane,
and my accelerator pedal
just stopped working,
and I'm watching the speedometer
just drop on my car.
So I basically kind of just
coasted over to the right lane,
And I went to brake,
and my brake wouldn't work,
so I just kind of shifted it
into park,
and then my car started
filling with smoke.
- Oh, my gosh.
- So you get out of the car.
You grabbed Ben, obviously.
It's freezing, probably.
Minnesota.
- It was cold, but I think
my adrenaline was so crazy
that I remember being warm.
- Well, there was a fire
next to you, so, yeah.
[laughter]
You could've kept warm that way.
- Yeah.
- All right, so you're standing
on the side of the road
with your child,
and your car's on fire,
and no one's stopping.
How many cars passed by,
do you think?
- I have no idea.
The time was at a standstill.
I was in shock.
I just stood there.
I just held him in my arms.
I have no idea
how many cars passed by.
- Wow.
But obviously enough
that the car--
and so finally,
this wonderful guy--
his name is Joseph?
- Joseph, mm-hmm.
- Joseph stops.
And what a--
do you remember that moment
when he came up to you?
- I was watching the cars go by,
and I hear,
"Ma'am, are you okay?"
And I turned to look at him,
and he looked panicked.
And I was still kind of calm.
I didn't know what to do.
And so he said,
"You need to get away
from your car immediately.
Your car is on fire."
And then I realized,
"Okay,
this is more than just
a smoking vehicle."
So I started to walk over
to him,
and I burst into tears.
I was hysterical.
And he said,
"Do you have any belongings,"
you know,
"That you need to get?"
And I said, "Well, my purse
and my medical--
my son's medical records
are by my car."
He said,
"We need to go get them."
And as I turned to go get them,
he kind of...
held his hand out firmly
and said, "No.
You have to stay here."
- And then he went for them.
- He put on a respirator mask...
- Wow.
- And went to go get them.
- His name is Joseph Stampley.
You have not seen him
since this happened.
Joseph?
[cheers and applause]
- [singing]
This is how we do it
La-la-la-la-la, la-la
- You did what anybody
should have done,
but they didn't, and you did,
so good for you,
and thank goodness
you were driving by...
- Thank you. Thank you.
- At that moment.
[applause]
I can't believe
no one else stopped,
but it really is a good thing
that you happened to be
driving by at that moment.
So you're driving by,
and you saw the car--
was it on fire when you saw it
or just smoking?
- No, it was just smoking.
It had a lot of black smoke
coming out of it.
- So then you just pull over,
which is the right thing to do,
and go up to her.
And how quickly
did it catch on fire?
- Within seconds.
We were in the middle--
she was in the middle
of telling me that she needs
to get to her destination.
- Right.
- And I keep telling her,
"You need to get away
from this car."
You know, it can explode.
It's not just in movies.
- Yeah, right.
- [chuckles]
- There's gas in there.
- All kinds of things.
So you knew it could explode,
and yet her purse is in there
and her son's medical records,
and you put your respirator on
and went in after that.
- Yep.
- Really brave of you.
Really amazing.
I mean...
- Thank you. Thank you.
[applause]
- And this--
I don't even think
you know this.
So after you left them at--
I think the gas station, right?
- Yes, yes.
- So you were waiting
for your dad
to come pick you up.
Tell her what you did.
- Well, I didn't want to just,
you know,
stand there looking creepy...
[laughter]
After you told me no,
I got in my truck
and just drove around
to the other side
of the gas station and waited
to make sure
your dad did come.
- Thank you.
[applause]
- Isn't that amazing?
I mean,
the fact that he didn't leave.
He just waited to make sure
you were--
'cause you were in shock.
You must have been freaking out.
And you're holding your son.
And so there is insurance money,
but you owed money on the car
as well, right?
- Yeah, we were gonna pay it off
this week.
- Uh-huh. Okay, well...
- Not anymore.
- Yeah, no.
All right, well, we have been
partners with Shutterfly
for three years,
and they have helped us
with hundreds of peoples' lives
they want to make better.
And they want to give you
a check
for $10,000 to help you...
[cheers and applause]
That'll help.
And Joseph,
I know you work long hours,
and you're struggling
paycheck to paycheck.
So Shutterfly wants to give you
$15,000.
[cheers and applause]
- Oh, my God.
- That's what you get
for being a good guy.
- Thank you.
- You're a good guy.